The first mentions of Natt date back to the murder of Fresler the Messiah. This event left his followers in disarray, from which the god of chaos was born. They fed on it and encouraged it, causing conflict everywhere they could.
They are described as an androgynous human child with blonde hair who wears simple clothing - a kirtle, pants and a belt. In some legends, they are said to come unexpectedly and try to gain the trust of locals before pulling harmless pranks and disappearing again. But other legends tell more harrowing stories. Those about "Natt's children" or "The Children of Chaos" recount tales of children being lured away by Natt to play. They often never came back, and when they did, it wasn't for long. Their behaviour would start worsening slowly, until they vanished one day. Children who vanished this way would form groups, some numbering twenty or thirty heads. These groups travelled through the land without fear, vandalising villages, stealing food and causing fires. Some of those legends end with the children dissapearing again on their own... but sometimes, a troop of soldiers would be sent to deal with them, ending in a massacre.
Over the centuries, the sightings of Natt have become rarer. Yet they still interfere in the world from time to time. It is said that they pick out those they deem interesting enough and push them towards chaos for their own entertainment. They tempt them or taunt them until the chosen person does something that goes against their coviction. Few have managed to resist Natt's manipulation, while most were ruined by it.